c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\bin\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.exe.config
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\bin\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.exe
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\bin\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.pdb
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\bin\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.xml
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop_File_Uploader.Form1.resources
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop_File_Uploader.Resources.resources
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.exe
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.xml
c:\users\x-slayer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Desktop File Uploader\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.pdb
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\bin\Debug\Anonfile Uploader.exe.config
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\bin\Debug\Anonfile Uploader.exe
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\bin\Debug\Anonfile Uploader.pdb
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\bin\Debug\Anonfile Uploader.xml
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Anonfile_Uploader.Form1.resources
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Anonfile_Uploader.Resources.resources
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Anonfile Uploader.exe
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Anonfile Uploader.xml
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Anonfile Uploader.pdb
D:\browserdownloads\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\FIleUploader-From-Desktop-master\Desktop File Uploader\obj\Debug\Desktop File Uploader.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
